Add circuit breaker for max number of actions by connector type (#128319)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/alert-action-settings.asciidoc

`xpack.alerting.rules.execution.actions.max`::
Specifies the maximum number of actions that a rule can trigger each time detection checks run.

> 

Reviewer: Related to https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/128294/files#r833802664, I think we should change the "xpack.alerting.rules.execution.actions.max" setting to avoid the use of "execution" terminology. For example, can we just use "xpack.alerting.rules.actions.max"? The description makes it clear that it's a "per check" max, so I don't think losing "execution" hurts us here. If we must keep another noun, "invocation" or "check" or "event" are less problematic.

Author: Hi Lisa, thank you for the alternatives :) 
We have created a follow up issue to rename `execution`
https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/128512
Would like to merge these PR's and fix it with the follow up issue, v8.2 will not be released with that terminology.

Reviewer: Sounds good, thanks!

> `xpack.alerting.rules.execution.actions.connectorTypeOverrides`::

Reviewer: Ditto re removal of "execution":
```suggestion
`xpack.alerting.rules.actions.connectorTypeOverrides`::
```

> Overrides the configs under `xpack.alerting.rules.execution.actions` for the connector type with the given ID. The value is array of objects consists of the key(s) that are wanted to be overridden under actions object and the id of the specific connector type that is wanted to be modified.

Reviewer: Per https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/128294/files#r833808929 and https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/128294/files#r833810123, IMO this can be simplified:
```suggestion
Overrides `xpack.alerting.rules.actions.*` settings for a specific type of connector. List the connector type identifier and its settings in array of objects.
```

Author: done

+
For example:
```

> xpack.alerting.rules.execution:

Reviewer: If you agree with my other suggestions, this example needs to be updated too:
```suggestion
xpack.alerting.rules:
```
